
From wikipedia:
How CURP codes are built

To understand how CURP codes are built, one must first understand Hispano American naming conventions. Full names in Spanish-speaking countries (including Mexican full names) consist of three elements:
Given name(s);
First surname: the father's first surname; and
Second surname: the mother's first surname.
The CURP code is composed of 18 characters that are assigned as follows:
The first surname's initial and first inside vowel;
The second surname's initial (or the letter "X" if, like some foreign nationals, the person has no second surname);
The first given name's initial;
Date of birth (2 digits for year, 2 digits for month, and 2 digits for day);
A one-letter gender indicator (H for male (hombre in Spanish) or M for female (mujer in Spanish));
A two-letter code for the state where the person was born; for persons born abroad, the code NE (nacido en el extranjero) is used;
The first surname's second inside consonant;
The second surname's second inside consonant;
The first given name's second inside consonant; and
Two characters ranging from 1-9 for people born before 2000 or from A-Z for people born since 2000; these characters are generated by the National Population Registry to prevent identical entries.
For married women, only maiden names are used.
If any step in the above procedure leads to the letter "Ñ" appearing anywhere in the CURP, the "Ñ" is replaced by an "X".
When a person has two given names and the first given name is María, as is often the case for women in Mexico, or José, in the case of men, the first name will be overlooked and the fourth character will be taken from the second given name's initial. This is because the names María and José are very common and would generate many duplicates if used to generate the code.
For example, if the person were named María Fernanda Escamilla Arroyo, her CURP's first four characters would be EAAF because María does not count for the CURP's fourth character when a second given name is present.

For example, the CURP code for a hypothetical person named Gloria Hernández García, a female, born on 27 April 1956 in the state of Veracruz, could be HEGG560427MVZRRL05.

From http://www.condusef.gob.mx/index.php/clave-unica-de-registro-de-poblacion-curp
Ricardo Alaman Perez nacio en el D.F. el 21 de marzo de 1963 could be: AAPR630321HDFLRCC9

